welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
so we have a big event ready certainly
everyone here is
gathered around
and it just says to move her soul into
the doll so
let's talk to everyone if you got time
to talk to me you should be turning
plucked into a doll
shouldn't you be talking to plot instead
of me right now
seems we're quite lucky being able to
witness such an important moment in
history
i'm excited about this very excited
sophie please begin
[Music]
i'll start now pluckta yes please do so
sophie
okay
[Music]
oh compass of hades guide plot the soul
vodka
sophie
[Music]
it worked it really worked yes
it seems so it's quite refreshing being
able to stand eye to eye with you
[Music]
i feel the same way this is like a dream
having you able to stand next to me what
are you talking about sophie
this isn't a dream it's unmistakably
reality
a reality more splendid than any other
that you made possible
now let me thank you properly sophie
thank you for giving me a body again
thank you
for working so hard for my sake
i'm glad i'm so glad
sophie there's nothing to cry about this
is a happy occasion
[Music]
looks like it's all done sophie started
crying all of a sudden though
that was more surprising for me hey
oscar you shouldn't say things like that
she worked really hard let her cry a
little
we got to see something really great
atomina
yes i'm quite impressed maglet
but i'm really glad it worked to be
honest
i was a little scared the doll parts
were all made by others
they're all really skilled so i didn't
think there would be a problem there
but i was the one who made the compass
of hades i was worried about that not
working
if i failed and you disappeared pluckta
i'd be all alone in the atlier again
i wasn't even slightly worried i
believed in you sophie
yeah thanks all right
we should go show you off to all the
people who helped us
um no i said before that such spectacles
were unnecessary
don't worry about it let's go
hey those two have completely forgotten
about us
yes but they both seem very happy
we were thinking about leaving soon but
i don't know about
leaving without telling our hosts yeah
that's right
i guess we have no choice we'll just
stay and have tea until we get back
that sounds good i'll go prepare the tea
[Music]
[Laughter]
foreign
[Music]
me
we're back you're late
how long were you going to make us wait
huh monica
and everyone we were waiting for you you
ran off all of a sudden
and we couldn't just leave without
telling you oh
i ate way too many snacks oh
his stomach hurts
[Music]
i didn't think our tea time would end up
being this long
oh i had fun i don't mind
sorry i ended up talking too much
this isn't your fault sophie it's been a
long time since i had a proper
conversation
so i got carried away
[Music]
it's fine anyway we'll be going home now
oh okay thanks for coming over today
also again i'm really sorry
no worries just be sure to help out at
the store again
sophie we really got to witness
something splendid today
see you farewell sophie
[Music]
our wish will soon be fulfilled
well that was a little bit of
ominousness from the creepy kids at the
end there
that was a long cut scene like a
ending worthy cutscene except i know
that we're
nowhere near the end of the game yet
hey popta do you remember our promise
from before
our promise wait
do you mean yeah that one
our promise that when you turn back into
a human we would go places together
well you technically aren't a human
you're a doll but
good enough if i see then i would love
to go with you
that's great then let's go
oh there look at that they're selling
some fun stuff
unlike before now we can actually go and
take a look
that's right let's take a look
what do you think flacta doesn't meister
horse tea have a really nice aroma
yes it seems to be very high glass
it tastes really good too you should try
it
would this body have any problems if i
eat or drink things
huh
you'll be fine i think
wow that was fun yes we browsed various
items and
having tea with you was a splendid
experience
feel like it's been a while since i had
this much fun
that's right in my case it's been 500
years i've forgotten that it was this
enjoyable to actually have a human body
i was able to remember all this thanks
to you as well
sophie
[Music]
it was well worth all the work if you're
happy
but this is only the beginning your
memories still haven't come back right
i guess i can say this is still the
halfway point
my final goal is to reclaim all your
memories
i've made a promise after all sophie
so to do that i'm going to work even
harder with alchemy
sophie learned perseverance
[Music]
important events take it easy for a
while okay
uh let's see
what that does
increases brake resistance
unaffected by revival after effects
all right um
let's see who can we do without
uh
[Music]
oh we can't actually put her in the
party yet
well that decision was made easily then
so next up
relax a little
okay but
i want to do stuff
anybody that explodes i want to look up
in the encyclopedia here
um we beg
um i wonder if i can get to 50 on the
second item
yet let's give it a try what materials
to use
[Music]
[Applause]
if we sort this by category value
um
and we do
let's see
[Music]
time enhance
power throw
uh i think i'll just do jumbo size there
[Music]
now that has that shape
so do all these have the same shape i
think these all have the same shape
let's have that shape
[Music]
that and
just one of those now over here
but do we have that
[Music]
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
let's see
i'll try
i'm just trying to think what would be
a good match for that shape-wise
probably one of these
is this we'll do that which cauldron
should i use
okay let's start
so we want to do that now first we want
to
yeah that's
how about this and that
[Music]
now that's gonna go there
so we want to use this here
actually let's do it this way first
we'll put that there
then that one there
and then that and finally that
and it does go to explodes at 50. okay
i think that's what i needed for yeah
that's what i needed for that idea right
would have been nice to get the
others up but all i really care about
here
it's getting exploded should i transfer
[Music]
all right it's done
that lets me do craft
pluckta are you here i'm here what do
you need
i have some very important business with
you
important business with pacta what could
it be
i've come to see you wearing my clothes
i didn't get a chance to take a good
look the other day
[Music]
so that's what it was it's okay right
placto
well i don't really mind all right then
let's get started
[Music]
yes yes it's great i knew it would look
great on you
although it might be a little small
despite being elastic
it's really tight on you around here
leon
i'm you're staring too much it's i'm
a little embarrassing huh oh sorry about
that
i was just really into it it's fine
hey bhakta can you tell me your opinion
about these clothes
my opinion it's easy to move around in
and very comfortable
i'm very pleased with it pluckto likes
it so much that i sometimes catch her
just looking at it and grinning
sophie when exactly did you see that all
the time
it's really nice though and i want leon
to make me some clothes too
i see i'm happy you like it so much
anyway i'm satisfied now i'll go home
see you two again
[Music]
sophie i'd like to ask again but when
was i looking at my clothes and grinning
all right i should get back to work now
sophie when did you see that answer me
sophie
[Music]
okay now let's make a craft because i
haven't made that yet
what materials to use
[Applause]
i'm going to use that one
and
start by category value here have a
bunch of these
i should be able to afford one to go in
there
now it's only 20 out of 60. it's not
going to be that much
i think i'll do that one instead
um
throw that in there
[Applause]
we'll do those
and
i don't think it really matters on here
what does fixed power end up doing
a lower power equals stronger
enhancement okay
okay let's start
[Music]
[Applause]
which cauldron should i use let me use
this one okay
let's start
[Music]
[Applause]
um
this material goes right
do here and
yeah i can't do a whole lot yeah i guess
i'll do that
and
[Music]
um
yeah this looks good too much stuff
takes up too much space yeah this looks
good
[Music]
yeah that one can only go
this isn't bad there and there
[Music]
is this good now we got soul stabbing
thorns and piercing damage small
physical damage medium isn't as good as
i'd hoped but
that'll be okay for now all right i'll
finish it now
now what traits to transfer
i'm not sure if that's an aoe or not
um
[Music]
you do inflict slow and fixed power
okay
[Music]
now let's go ahead and put that on
someone
can you equip it instead of a nudie bag
maybe
sure we can do that
i did want to see on here
if instead of one of these maybe
okay now that's restoring close to 7 a.m
i thought that might have been a res but
it's not okay
so we won't bother with that then what
does that do
his chance of finding better items in
the field okay
[Music]
let's go
let's go talk to people i guess
[Music]
oh well let's go over here this looks
potentially interesting
[Music]
you're always really helpful thank you
oh it's fritz
ah sophie hello are you here to shop too
yeah i'm having her make doll parts for
me
it's convenient for some of them to be
the same shape
huh i didn't know
there's one thing that concerns me
it seems like a lot of these parts are
very large
in fact they seem too large
oh i'm actually going to be doing the
final touches on them
i asked adjust
[Music]
i can't ask her to do the fine tuning
for me
it's necessary to custom make every part
in the end product
for example all the parts that are used
as hands
need to be a little different
every doll is unique after all
[Music]
this seems difficult was that hard to
understand
i could explain it in detail to you
later there's no need to hesitate
we have plenty of free time when we
travel to go gathering
i see it seems our next trip will be
very long
sorry about accidentally hitting the
button there a bit too early
[Music]
you have any cutscenes no
do you have any cut scenes on your own
actually
no but do you have no i don't know
register
i want to okay
you already got all those um
actually i should see if there's any
requests i can actually do
welcome which request will you accept
that i can turn in
[Music]
you've gone
that 13 days left i still haven't seen
one
[Music]
that i'm pretty sure i can do
this you're in the enlightened mountain
welcome
thank you what rumor do you wish to hear
crystal said to be blessed by spirits um
i don't know if that's worth like all my
money though
[Music]
well i'll
so if we go to actually first
i always want to pop in here real quick
[Music]
fritz ah sophie what is it
i wanted to thank you again for helping
with plocta
it seems like placto really likes that
body too
i'm glad she likes it my painstaking
efforts making it were all worth it
so would you like to hear about all the
little details i worked on
maybe another time i see that's
unfortunate
still creating focus body was good
experience for me
i didn't think it was possible to put a
soul into a doll alchemy really seems to
have no bounds
yeah i still don't know that much about
alchemy but
i think alchemy is like a power from
dreams
yes i'm just an outsider so this might
not mean much coming from me but
you seem to have a knack for alchemy
it's a wonderful technique that you're
capable of using
you should continue training it yes i
will thank you
still after looking at pluckta i started
thinking that
autonomous stalls could be good too i'll
start thinking
about incorporating them into my puppet
shows that sounds really interesting
[Music]
yeah i want to unlock the doll making
thing
so i can use that dlc that i got uh
but i guess that's not quite triggered
yet
where to we want to go
i guess that's perspective
strand
those are for the gold puny
enlightened mountain that's for the
that one i just picked up
hmm i
see none of those things here just birds
[Music]
maybe they show up at night
um not sure i want to fight one of those
guys
let me hop back to the world map real
quick and pass some time
[Music]
and pass a little bit more time by
gathering
[Music]
it's still like morning isn't it
can we please just like advance time
[Music]
to be evening
that looks interesting why is that not a
uh
a thing strange wall blocks the path
okay
[Music]
oh there's one okay
get ready for a fight
okay we will
missile these actually what does that
one has 119
okay
[Music]
we will kick that one
soul step
and
[Music]
that should hit all of them this should
be pretty easy
[Music]
this is a little bit of overkill
okay maybe a lot of overkill
[Music]
[Applause]
that was hardly even target practice
okay yeah that was a lot of overkill
are there more of those things around
okay i guess i'll fight this guy out of
the way
oh there's
they're grouped up together figures
okay
that's is hitting all of them okay
[Music]
we'll go ahead and do that as well
that should finish everyone off easily
i think time to attack with items i
forgot to check if these guys were
higher level than the others but
we shouldn't have much of a problem here
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yeah no problems at all
[Music]
i feel like working my art i need to
hone my skills further
[Music]
okay yeah that was straightforward let's
just grab this
go ahead and grab these while we're here
and then let's go back to the outlayer
[Music]
i did
all right i wrote it down
i understand please let me see it
so do you remember anything
[Music]
oh yes sophie i remember something new
really that's great what did you
remember this time
it isn't really much it seems that when
i was still human
my favorite food was stew with potatoes
i see i see huh
wait that's all you remembered
that's all i see
so we really like stew yes
oh oh but still
it seems like you can remember things
again so that's great we're making
progress
let's keep it up and keep getting back
more memories
yes please do sophie
[Music]
ah also maybe we should have stew for
dinner tonight
since we were talking about it i really
crave it now
me too
eye of mercury
[Music]
well we have something to look for next
we will do that next time once again
hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is karsten
i should be in bed right now because i
need to work tonight
but i live across the street from where
the fourth of july parade ends so
there's a band playing outside
so i figure i may as well record another
episode
now we have some new recipe ideas now
that one i can make this one
need christian milk
and this one perform synthesis and
thank you gifts i guess i need to like
give people stuff
should probably pay attention to what
people like
[Music]
what to make let's go ahead and make
the eye of mercury what materials to use
i'm not sure what this is
[Music]
looking over to the right doesn't look
like it has anything
any effects or anything so we'll just
um
pick some things here
these have a lot of um
it's have good effects though what about
these
[Music]
just trying to find one that i wouldn't
mind
potentially losing
and i can always go and get more of
these things
[Music]
and we'll do that one enough thread um
which cauldron should i use okay let's
all use this
oh this this is good
that's what happens yeah this looks good
okay is this good all right
i'll finish it goggles
okay can't put effects or traits or at
least none of those have extra traits on
it
um
[Music]
all right it's done
that's an eye of mercury yeah
i wanted to know more details about
materials and the items they synthesize
if i recall this item will allow you to
properly gauge the quality of such
things yeah now i'll be able to analyze
and fine-tune my synthesis even more
i mercury allows you to see a numeric
value for
whatever it said there okay so the
goggles do something
um
[Music]
okay so if we were to go ah
quality up in the upper right actually
get to see a number for it
[Music]
so that's good
if i could get that up to 250
well it would have another
thing on there but i it just uses
regular animal fur and i'm not sure
how i could get that up to 250. okay
although what material should i use
if i do
pick just i want to see
so if i could get those up that'd be
like 40 and 50
up
hmm
no but it would be
no i still wouldn't be able to make it
what material i don't know cancel out of
that
uh let's wait until morning
well actually first let's go ahead and
go here anyway
sophie there's a little tiny thing i
want to ask you
what is it leon why are you saying it
like that
tell me what kind of clothes do you like
huh
why are you asking so suddenly
[Music]
no real reason in particular i was just
a little curious yet yeah that's it
clothes i like uh that's a hard question
to answer
you know like what kinds of colors or
what shapes you prefer
things like that colors i like bright
colors i'm not really picky about
shapes but i like clothes that are easy
to move around in
i see i see anything else what else can
you tell me
hm let's see also
i see i got it thanks no i'm sorry i
couldn't say much and it was all over
the place
but will my preferences for clothes
really be of any use to you
yeah it'll be super useful
oh really for what exactly
that is a secret anyway thanks again for
your help
uh that makes me even more curious
gee i wonder if she will be getting an
outfit change
considering that like half the art for
this game has her wearing a different
[Music]
outfit
yeah spoiled by the uh box art basically
[Music]
uh hello sophie hello corey how's the
store doing
after i started stalking normal
merchandise my sales have been getting
better little by little
it seems that this store is decently
famous now too
it's all because of you sophie thank you
very much
no it's all because of your hard work i
didn't do anything
more importantly i've been wondering
something why do you want to get famous
so much
it's a long story i'm looking for my dad
i want to meet him if he's still alive
you're looking for your dad
yes my dad was never there since as far
back as i can remember
he wasn't there i recall hearing that we
were separated while traveling to this
town or that he disappeared
but i don't know how true any of that is
i see my mom won't tell me anything
about the past
she says there's no need for me to know
i wanted to investigate it myself
but i don't know anything about my dad
so i can't
that's why i thought about doing it in
reverse i'll let him know that i'm here
my dad would know if i was running a
duplication shop
nobody else can use this kind of alchemy
that's why that's why you were so set on
opening this kind of store
yes but even if i find out nothing about
my dad it would be fine
i want to know about where i came from
and where my homeland is
i was born here in christian bell but i
want to know where people with my power
live
if my mom won't tell me i'll figure it
out myself
you're thinking about all that but i
finally understand now i'll do my best
to help make your wish come true
thank you in that case please buy lots
of things from me
[Music]
sure
now do you have wait no
bye what you have restocked
so that's good
[Music]
um not sure if i'm gonna buy right now
but it is good to know you've restocked
now if we
[Music]
what do you want if i
one of these thanks come again
there we go have to just buy anyone
[Music]
supreme hot melt can be synthesized
welcome which request will you accept
let's go ahead and report that thank you
very much i need to make an ice bomb i
should be able to make an ice bomb
and burp medicine sure
i can do both of those i'll
[Music]
so let's see you need to make
doesn't need to be particularly
[Music]
um
i'm just trying to see one that has
things i won't need on it
uh yeah that'll be fine
[Music]
i'll just use some generic water and
will this go welsh wow
okay i'm going great going great
oh this reaction is interesting all
right
this looks great
will this go well okay it's time to
finish guys
what traits should i add
[Music]
how's this yeah this is all done doesn't
matter since i'm just turning it in
uh same with some bird medicine
uh do you have any that are just generic
now that one's fine and some well water
is fine
okay i'll try it
i think this would be best here
whoa this looks kind of amazing
all right this looks great whoa
this looks kind of amazing i thought it
really matters
this looks great
will this go well i'm sure that's fine
and what trick how's this yeah this is
all done
okay so we can report those
[Music]
let's go ahead and do that
welcome thank you for coming which
request
[Music]
report and report that
and that'll take all my spruce
[Music]
um
yeah as well that's 732 yeah i'll do it
i can always make more
[Music]
need three supreme hot milks
it seems the time has come once again
yeah it has if you complete this
promotion assignment you'll be able to
accept even more difficult requests
are you confident that you can pass
i'm ready for anything very well i'll be
testing your skills thoroughly
since there's no time limit on that may
as well pick it up welcome
which request will you accept
those open runes mini demons
um sure i'll grab
grab that well open ruins okay
[Music]
so let's go to the world map
where do you intend to go next
[Music]
open ruins are where
oh there we go
we found something
[Music]
called well i guess it can add up
eventually
all right come here you hey
let's do our best yeah
all right well we're not getting the
dangerous enemy music
that'll only hit two of them
alright
[Music]
actually how many hp's do they have
all right we'll go ahead and do sol step
[Music]
and we'll have you
and snipe that one
time to attack with items
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yeah this is this is done
those things do a lot of damage
[Music]
oh
okay
[Music]
okay well we've taken some damage but
that's not too bad
um
uh we'll go ahead and do that finish
those two off
everyone else just attack uh that one
[Applause]
[Music]
my own alchemy
fire finally a break
we got some money from that too and
another one of those oil things and that
worked out pretty well
[Music]
i'm kind of tempted to fight another
in fact i think i will come
let's do our best yeah
26 110 this is only going to hit one of
them so may as well use
the codex here
[Music]
and
uh we use that on him
go ahead and do saul step and
sky blast that will hit all of them
okay i'll use an item on the enemy
we should heal him first assuming we
survive which we should
[Music]
i say we should survive and then he's
like hurt so bad
[Music]
[Applause]
okay yeah we got it
[Music]
okay um actually i'll hold off on doing
anything we'll just do straight up
attacks
we can finish it off that'll probably
finish out it was hardly even target
practice
we did get a little bit of money
interesting
[Music]
items aren't quite as good
where is it since there's an item around
here somewhere
there it is
[Music]
may as well do a bit of gathering before
i head back
no reason not to keep my stock up
[Music]
don't know about those guys
now it's raining
[Music]
getting some nice items here quality
wise
[Music]
there's a rather large area here
excuse me don't mind me just coming
through to grab a couple more items
before i head home
[Music]
all right that should be good
what's our destination uh let's go ahead
and check
here actually
let's see what do we have
[Music]
for those
just checking the
[Music]
as far as gatherables
i should go there
found a tree that reaches the heavens
cool life in the shade
hp recovery thanks to my good karma
all right well that's good huh
and let's see if we can grab
something useful here
oh that's right what i wanted to do here
is actually
it would be in here i wanted to grab
some
minerals maybe some of that uh
lightning type stone
[Music]
or here there's a couple more
spider webs don't care about that
can't carry any more paper scraps
[Music]
well we can probably get rid of some of
these spider webs since
i got tons of them
yeah that's fine all right now let's go
back to the outlier
drop those off
[Music]
and go back to
oh we got another cutscene
huh that's leon and fritz that's an
unusual combination i wonder what
they're talking about
hmm that's surprising i didn't think you
were making your doll's clothing
yourself too
i think it's best for the dolls i make
to wear clothes i make as well
i see i don't dislike an attitude like
that
i hear your very skilled cloth here i
thought you could give me some good
advice about making clothes
let's see i think the basic ideas behind
human clothes and doll clothes are the
same you need to consider what clothes
are most suited for the individual
not relying on superficial flair
hmm i see so you need to think about
what clothing would suit them best
sorry i know it sounds a bit abstract no
that helps your main occupation is club
here and you've
you're saying that there must be truth
to it next time i make clothes for a
doll i'll keep what you said in mind
yeah you should do that i will today's
conversation was a valuable reference
thank you i will see you again and come
back anytime
he was making clothes for his dolls too
fritz is pretty amazing to be able to do
something like that
[Music]
all right do you have a cut scene after
that nope i have some
let's go in here
and get those things turned in welcome
thank you for
which request will you expect
all right we can uh turn in a bunch of
stuff
yeah we can turn one of those and
[Music]
that one i guess and
i'll do that one
[Music]
definitely report that thank you
oh and turn in that one
[Music]
yeah since i wasn't too worried about
that other than just making it that one
isn't particularly fancy
thank you very much now does this
i need more night crystals
i'll accept that and go get more night
crystals later because that gives a good
chunk
of money for the effort
welcome house and you know what
which request i am going to give up
on that up because
having that sitting there is annoying
though i'm sure that now that i've
canceled it the next time i go there i
will see gold poonies
ah sophie can i ask you something yes
what is it
how long have you been running that
atlear
um let's see i'm sorry i don't remember
exactly
well you've been running it for pretty
long time right you're pretty admirable
but why are you asking all of a sudden
well you see the oldest of my little
brothers said that he wants to start
working
really that's pretty responsible of him
sure it is but
i've got mixed feelings about it
he should study more and play more i
want him to live his own life
i wanted to spend his time for himself
not for his family
um i'm pretty sure your brother is
thinking the same thing about you
huh i'm sure your brother wants you to
cherish your own time more
that's probably why he wants to relieve
the burden on you if only a little bit
i see i never thought about it that way
so he's thinking about me in his own way
at least that's what i think
my brother aside you've sure grown up
being able to realize something like
that
you think so yeah you're pretty
dependable
yes that was really out of character for
me sorry
sorry anyway i'll serve you some tea or
whatever else you want
just take your time and relax sophie
okay thank you
[Music]
morning
51.
so that takes a lot
[Music]
i'm almost tempted to get these just to
see if i can make some
better weapons with them and skip over
some things but i don't think it'll
probably let me
that might be interesting
[Music]
and i can't see the effect
details of that
[Music]
[Applause]
that might be worthwhile to get
wait what was okay
well i'll keep that in mind
now let's go ahead and just check in
here real quick
[Music]
and maybe check in here real quick just
checking for additional cutscenes
may as well check here for any more cut
scenes
i've got some new
[Music]
and
harold what is it sophie you're louder
than usual today
um i wanted to properly thank you for
helping with plocta
thank you very much for making tactics
windup springs
oh that i was kind of in doubt and
didn't think you'd actually managed to
pull it off
it was pretty shocked when you brought
blocked over
yeah but i was able to make plot into a
doll because you made the springs
i'm really glad i asked you to do it
let's see you know sophie yes
i feel weird about this myself but when
i was making those springs i was
enjoying it a little
huh really but you seem to dislike the
idea so much
yeah to be honest i had a lot of trouble
making that i was really annoyed
but there was still a part of me that
was enjoying it i wonder why
i know i hate clock making maybe you
actually don't dislike clock making as
much as you think
don't say stupid things i absolutely
hate clock making
i guess you won't admit it but really
thank you harold
sure
all right let's go back to
why are you there
[Music]
[Applause]
is that really okay i think you should
eat more vegetables
well i actually think meat would be
better for that
what are you two talking about
oh sophie listen to this sir giulio was
telling me that i'm too
fat yeah he's right what are you talking
about
i've lost a lot of weight since we first
met sir giulio can't you tell just by
looking
wait you have i didn't notice at all
what see
that's why i told you you need to lose
weight oscar
let's see maybe you should get a little
more exercise
even if you're right you're way too
skinny
you're gonna get seriously injured if
you keep swinging around that huge sword
with such a thin body
i don't know about that
sophie what do you think huh
me um
[Music]
i need a guide
um i i was not expecting a choice in a
cut scene
but um yeah sorry oscar
i don't think there's any problems as
you are now you've trained a lot after
all
that's the duty of a night huh you
really think so
oscar were you hoping that sir julia
would get fat so we wouldn't think you
need to lose weight
[Music]
i knew it oscar you need to lose weight
regardless of sir giulio
it's for your own good i
i know
okay well i guess that
i guess that was the right choice
um
just want to glance at what else we're
gonna need exploring various
areas okay
investigating furnace
and black orb
so if we go to the blacksmith real quick
here's the furnace there is a furnace
there it is
furnace is filled with an intense heat
it's likely the result of the burning of
mini fuels
[Music]
charm can be sent the training charm can
be synthesized
okay well let's go back to the outlier
[Music]
we have some more things to try crafting
but for now i hope you enjoy thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
let's see if we have any
events not really any interesting recipe
ideas we have a few things we can make
now
that's from exploring areas
black orb whatever that is and luminous
water
where did i find luminous water i'm
pretty sure i've seen that
if we look through here
luminous water there we go
it's in moon sun more
so you need to go to moon sun more
and we need to make supreme hot milk and
we need to go to
mountain boundary all right we can do
all that
[Music]
let's go ahead and go to the world map
where should i go and
there's mountain boundary and then some
more all right that's straightforward
enough
let's go here first
[Music]
we actually probably should have gotten
the milk uh not the milk the water first
because that's only one thing
whereas this i need to gather up a bunch
of different stuff
all right there's a bunch of those
that's good because that's what i needed
i believe is those
blue rock things
[Music]
let's go over here
yeah them things
[Music]
should probably do some fighting anyway
too
this will be a walk in the park
even if it's just poonies
these are like trivial ponies
[Music]
really trivial punish that wasn't
satisfying
next
why are trivial poonies in an area this
far
out
and let's finish gathering up some stuff
oh there's a bird over there how tough
are you
this looks easy okay not tough at all
uh yeah not tough at all
[Music]
okay the stuff here is pretty trivial
let me just grab a couple more
i wanted to get some more of those blue
things
no any
doesn't look like that's refreshing
right now okay well let's go to the
other place
what's our destination
[Music]
and we need to get some of the water
here
[Music]
if i can figure out well let's see it
probably wouldn't be there oh i bet it's
off in one of the
uh sub areas here
don't know which one though let's see if
the movie graveyard
probably not here
[Music]
sun waiting ring
probably not here either
this will check the other path
what is this in there
ah yes silent bedroom is it in there
if i remember when i went through here
before i kind of like ran and didn't
fight anything
[Music]
let's do our best yeah we're not getting
the uh terrible danger not
uh music they are a little tough
let's see we've got 76
we can do a sole step
[Music]
and we'll go ahead and use one of these
if we can hit yeah i can hit both of
those
[Music]
and only hit two but that's okay
well how do you guys focus on that one
see if you can take them out
[Music]
i'll use an item on the enemy
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
hope this hits
that hurt a little
[Music]
hmm
probably focus on that one
okay that one's down
[Music]
that one's down
and that one's down
okay that wasn't too bad
[Music]
so i'm not sure where to get the
good water
if it is in here somewhere or
[Music]
no i don't think it's in here maybe it's
just further over in that first area
[Music]
i wish these things had more detail as
far as
especially in the bigger areas about
where
stuff is
[Music]
i don't think it'd be now okay let's go
back
[Music]
let's check over here maybe
can't carry any more and i'm still not
sure where to get that
because that's sun powder not good water
um these i have a ton of though those
are
b quality this
get rid of that one and
[Music]
um that one
i guess that's all we'll do right now
here
[Music]
you should be able to turn in that
request though
so let's go here let's start with the
street and check for any cut scenes
we got one over there and probably
no it doesn't look like one over here
nope
come back let's glance in here first and
then we'll go talk to corey
just get this turned in before i forget
thank you which request will you accept
[Music]
well we can turn that in certainly
[Applause]
[Music]
do
all right a couple vouchers and some
money
and this one
and that
[Music]
just looking for things that i'm likely
not to care about
but yeah i guess we can toss that out
[Music]
hmm and these
how many of these are four of these
count bonus
enhance finisher inflict sleep
yeah get rid of those
thank you very much chunk of money for
that
six vouchers
you can make an ice bomb
[Music]
welcome you won't bother with it right
now let's go get that cut scene
how is it wow these are well made as
always
thanks thank you too
huh oscar hey sophie
what a coincidence yeah are you here to
shop too
yep i feel a lot better using the same
consumable goods as always
she makes them all exactly the same so
it really helps
that's why i'm always coming here well
not that often
huh i didn't know what did you ask for
today
i asked for gloves today i use them when
i'm harvesting plants and such
i see he also asks for snacks
quite often huh snacks
what is there something wrong with that
is that what you meant by consumable
snacks are consumable you eat them
i'm not asked for freshly cooked food
often
but i received many requests for
preservable foods
hmm snacks huh
would you like me to make snacks for you
too
no not right now maybe i'll ask when i
make something really good though
i understand i'll look forward to it
[Music]
okay you have anything else
ah hello sophie hello corey you seem
really cheerful today
yes i heard some good news the other day
what kind of news
the other day i had a customer who said
they were a traveler
according to them in the past they saw
someone who had the same power as mine
in another town
wait does that mean they could be
someone related to you
i don't know but it's highly possible
then maybe you'll figure something out
if you meet them
i thought so too but it was about the
past
they had no idea where that person is
now
i see and i guess you can't expect too
much but apparently this customer was
friends with them back then
and they received an item as a memento
it was
traditional charm from that person's
native land
huh then maybe figure something out if
you saw that charm
i hope so they said they'd bring it next
time they visited
that must be exciting yes i'm looking
forward to it
even if it doesn't give me any clues
about my father it may help me find out
more about my people's homeland
but all i can do for now is wait
[Music]
learn the skill graceful
and what does that do
increases evasion rate increases chance
for chain attacks after normal attacks
okay
do you have any other cutscenes coming
up here
i restocked them not from you
how about
from here
[Music]
harold thank you you really helped me
no problem come back any time
huh was that a customer
did it look like we were just having a
cup having tea and crumpets to you
no it didn't but i'm surprised i didn't
think i'd ever see you serving a
customer
i work with customers all the time hmm
were you selling guns again
no this was for clock repairs the spring
had snapped so i fixed it
wait you repaired a clock did you hit
your head or eat something bad
you sure do say terrible things this is
a clock shop there's nothing strange
about repairing clocks here
but you wouldn't even try to work on
clocks no matter what i said
why'd the sudden change your heart
no reason in particular it was just a
whim
huh
[Music]
hair will repair the clock what could
have possibly happened
i mean it's not anything weird just like
he said but this is harold we're talking
about
hmm i'm curious now
all right let's go over here
let's check for
any cut scenes from anyone else
i have what oh do you really have any
[Music]
merchandise
i mean nothing i really need
[Music]
and what about here
and here
and i guess i should be giving gifts to
people and stuff but
[Music]
just check around and see if anyone has
any cut scenes for me
[Music]
welcome what
that doesn't look like it right now um
[Music]
let's go back here
okay do some crafting
[Music]
what can i make
i can probably make some of this now
what material should i use well i
actually have three of those
okay so i might still hold off on that
[Music]
supreme hot milk well i have to make
some of that anyway
[Music]
bite what he hints at
at least as far as i can tell
so what can we do that i don't care
about
[Music]
um is this really okay
sure that's fine which cauldron is that
okay then
let's start i think something good will
happen
all right this is going well
[Music]
all right this is going well and
yeah this is going great yeah this is
going great
[Music]
is this really okay yeah that's fine it
doesn't really matter for this
now what traits to transfer
is this oh that's fine it doesn't matter
got a level out of it
and what else can i make that i haven't
made yet um
haven't made the training charm yet what
material should i use
this yeah i think that's just a generic
one that i bought so that's fine
uh what can we do let's do
[Music]
that
what does that mean
okay actually so let's instead of those
we'll do that and
hmm
[Music]
where was that hpmp enhanced we'll do
that one
[Applause]
[Music]
i don't think anything else matters
right at the moment uh really okay
actually what we'll do that one
which cauldron is best okay then
let's start
so that will go
[Music]
yeah this is good
yeah this is going great
all right this is going well
actually let's see if we do
yeah this is going great that followed
by
all right this is going well
[Music]
this is going well and that
is this really okay um
still didn't get the green up there high
enough to get the next one but that's
okay
all right i'll finish it now
[Music]
what traits to transfer
base fast by 10.
p by 25 or both by 15.
uh we'll do both by 15. okay
it's finished
and i think that's it for now because
i bet i still
[Music]
good enough animal fur well even quality
still only counts for 20.
and i need to get it up over 250.
now if we which cauldron is best
that's plus six almost fifty percent so
even with that now i couldn't do it
not sure how i'm gonna get that unless
maybe super high quality animal fur
comes along somehow
now for recipe ideas
it's a black orb luminous water and
exploring various areas
i guess i just need to wander around for
that one
now let's go ahead and turn that
in well which request
oh i need three of them i'll
we'll find them
what kind of stuff should i make can i
even make three of these
[Music]
which material should i choose
i mean i guess i can let's go wow
okay i'll keep going great
i just realized i picked the expert
cauldron right this looks great well
it's not that big of a deal
wait what happened
[Music]
okay it's time to finish guys what
traits should i add how is it yeah
this is all done
let's see
which of these are most generic
[Applause]
what is this black orb oh where did i
get the black orb
i'll have to look and see uh where i got
that
so i can uh
[Music]
get another one hold okay i just picked
the expert cauldron again
okay well whatever great
whoa this looks kind of amazing
all right this looks great
[Music]
this reaction is interesting
will this go well okay
what traits should i add
[Music]
how's this yeah this is all done okay
so that's done
now if we go to
encyclopedia
i guess it's under material
black orb is located in husk
[Music]
forest
okay so i'll head there next
let's go ahead and turn this in
[Music]
[Applause]
which request
[Music]
excellent work sophie very impressive
now we'll be able to accept even more
difficult requests right
yes that's correct the requests now
won't be easy by any means
will you be okay i'm a little worried
but i'll do my best
i'm glad you say that
[Music]
okay so let's check out
husk forest and see if i can get a black
orb oh
huh that's monica and leon what are they
talking about
in other words sophie's personality has
been like that for a long time
that's right she was about the same back
when she was a child too
that's actually really easy to imagine
sophie hasn't changed much since long
ago
i see i got it sorry for taking so much
of your time oh no it was enjoyable for
me too
anyway i'll be going now okay i'll see
you again
they were talking about me weren't they
wait are they talking behind my back
did i do something bad
[Music]
no probably not all right where to
so that was
husk forest hey what's
[Music]
this is thick i always get the hp
recovery when there's
when i don't need it
[Music]
huh
that was an lp recovered
that's good i guess
[Music]
so here
need to find a black orb
there we go
flame powder
all right
hello black queenie i sense
danger oh that guy looks
annoying um
i can only hit i can hit two there two
there if i focus on him it doesn't hit
the poonies of course
uh we'll just focus on that one for the
moment
[Music]
and continue to focus on that
and the soul stuff will come after he
attacks but before the punish so i guess
that's good
um oh
is craft craft is an aoe
and that will hit all of them so let's
give it a shot and see what happens
[Music]
i won't hold back
not gonna miss this one
not too bad i guess
[Music]
okay could be worse
um yeah go ahead and focus on him
unless you're gonna go after him anyway
and then focus on the pony
[Music]
hope this hits there we go not too bad
ah so close to a level
[Music]
what is evil core okay another one of
those
just grab a few more items while i'm
here
since these are reasonably good quality
and it just occurred to me that that
item that i can make
that increases quality of gathered items
that gets auto refreshed when i go back
to the outlier it would be
uh just like all the other stuff so that
actually
would be quite worthwhile
[Music]
now the question is should i
let's see how much how full is my basket
this is empty 35 i guess that means 35
slots are empty
all right where to so i will
[Music]
give another try
to find
luminous water
[Music]
then moon sun more
but i'm not sure where in moon sun moor
it is
[Music]
hey what's that
apparently it's right there well that
was convenient
pure water can be
just synthesized some of these
[Music]
just digging up bones in the graveyard
don't mind me
[Music]
may as well get my backpack
full while i'm out
[Music]
or at least a chunk of it
all right good enough empty zero well
that was
convenient gathering there
[Music]
i did pure water
and flame powder
[Music]
[Applause]
and the next ones we can look at are
alchemy drops wait hang on
alchemy drops that are super sweet
bomb with a blue flame
and synthesizing an accessory
well we will take a look at those later
for right now
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching and
i will see you next time
[Applause]
uh
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
so next up we